Update how-hyperdrive-works.mdx (#19035)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/hyperdrive/configuration/how-hyperdrive-works.mdx

Hyperdrive automatically manages the connection pool properties for you, including limiting the total number of connections to your origin database. Refer to [Limits](/hyperdrive/platform/limits/) to learn more. 
:::

## Pooling mode

> The Hyperdrive connection pooler operates in transaction mode, where the client that executes the query communicates through a single connection for the duration of a transaction. When that transaction has completed, the connection is returned to the pool.

Author: ```suggestion
The Hyperdrive connection pooler operates in transaction mode, where the client that executes the query communicates through a single connection for the duration of a transaction. When that transaction has completed, the connection is returned to the pool. As a result, a Worker invocation may obtain various database connections over the course of its execution.
```

> The Hyperdrive connection pooler operates in transaction mode, where the client that executes the query communicates through a single connection for the duration of a transaction. When that transaction has completed, the connection is returned to the pool. As a result, a Worker invocation may obtain various database connections over the course of its execution.

Author: ```suggestion
The Hyperdrive connection pooler operates in transaction mode, where the client that executes the query communicates through a single connection for the duration of a transaction. When that transaction has completed, the connection is returned to the pool.
```

> Hyperdrive supports `SET` statements for the duration of a transaction or a query. For instance, if you manually create a transaction with `BEGIN`/`COMMIT`, `SET` statements within the transaction will take effect. Moreover, a query that includes a `SET` command (`SET X; SELECT foo FROM bar;`) will also apply the `SET` command. When a connection is returned to the pool, the connection is `RESET` such that the `SET` commands will not take effect on subsequent commands. 

Author: ```suggestion
Hyperdrive supports [`SET` statements](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-set.html) for the duration of a transaction or a query. For instance, if you manually create a transaction with `BEGIN`/`COMMIT`, `SET` statements within the transaction will take effect. Moreover, a query that includes a `SET` command (`SET X; SELECT foo FROM bar;`) will also apply the `SET` command. When a connection is returned to the pool, the connection is `RESET` such that the `SET` commands will not take effect on subsequent commands. 
```

> Hyperdrive supports [`SET` statements](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-set.html) for the duration of a transaction or a query. For instance, if you manually create a transaction with `BEGIN`/`COMMIT`, `SET` statements within the transaction will take effect. Moreover, a query that includes a `SET` command (`SET X; SELECT foo FROM bar;`) will also apply the `SET` command. When a connection is returned to the pool, the connection is `RESET` such that the `SET` commands will not take effect on subsequent commands. 

Author: ```suggestion
Hyperdrive supports [`SET` statements](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-set.html) for the duration of a transaction or a query. For instance, if you manually create a transaction with `BEGIN`/`COMMIT`, `SET` statements within the transaction will take effect. Moreover, a query that includes a `SET` command (`SET X; SELECT foo FROM bar;`) will also apply the `SET` command. When a connection is returned to the pool, the connection is `RESET` such that the `SET` commands will not take effect on subsequent queries. 
```

> This implies that a single Worker invocation may obtain multiple connections to perform its database operations and may need to `SET` any configurations for every query or transaction. It is not recommended to wrap multiple database operations with a single transaction to maintain the `SET` state as this will affect the performance and scaling of Hyperdrive as the connection cannot be reused by other Worker isolates for the duration of the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implies that a single Worker invocation may obtain multiple connections to perform its database operations and may need to `SET` any configurations for every query or transaction. It is not recommended to wrap multiple database operations with a single transaction to maintain the `SET` state, as this will affect the performance and scaling of Hyperdrive as the connection cannot be reused by other Worker isolates for the duration of the transaction.
```

> This implies that a single Worker invocation may obtain multiple connections to perform its database operations and may need to `SET` any configurations for every query or transaction. It is not recommended to wrap multiple database operations with a single transaction to maintain the `SET` state, as this will affect the performance and scaling of Hyperdrive as the connection cannot be reused by other Worker isolates for the duration of the transaction.

Author: ```suggestion
This implies that a single Worker invocation may obtain multiple connections to perform its database operations and may need to `SET` any configurations for every query or transaction. It is not recommended to wrap multiple database operations with a single transaction to maintain the `SET` state. Doing so will affect the performance and scaling of Hyperdrive as the connection cannot be reused by other Worker isolates for the duration of the transaction.
```

Hyperdrive automatically manages the connection pool properties for you, including limiting the total number of connections to your origin database. Refer to [Limits](/hyperdrive/platform/limits/) to learn more. 
:::

## Pooling mode

> The Hyperdrive connection pooler operates in transaction mode, where the client that executes the query communicates through a single connection for the duration of a transaction. Upon the end of a transaction, the connection will be immediately returned to the pool. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Hyperdrive connection pooler operates in transaction mode, where the client that executes the query communicates through a single connection for the duration of a transaction. When that transaction has completed, the connection is returned to the pool.
```

> When that transaction has completed, the connection is returned to the pool.

Reviewer 3: This duplicates the previous sentence.  Should probably remove it.

> When that transaction has completed, the connection is returned to the pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
